# MatchingColor Documentation

List of Files:
1.      Library (These files are not meant to be modified)
        ANN lib:
                conx.py
                newConx.py
        Computer Vision lib:
                graphics.py
        Gilt API lib:
                gilt-python/ --- API key: 4bc9ea982749056525a630ff9eb6deda9f737c2a94492963f29e32f077ed766f
                (Details can be found: https://dev.gilt.com/documentation/appendix.html)

2.      Input Data and Weights
        All image files can be found at /scratch/wliu1/Matching-Cloth/img/*
        inputs/all.dat --- information of index, category, (brand), (color) of all image files
        inputs/noise.dat --- list of bad images that are not included in data set to minimze noise
        (inputs/inputs.dat) --- input data going into ANN
        (inputs/targets.dat) --- corresponding target information
        *Note: these files in () are not uploaded due to quota limit and can be generated by running getOutput.py when testing
        weights/finalWeights --- weights trained by ANN we set up that has a good performance, this is meant to be loaded when testing, and is used in clothesAdvisor.py to test novel input
        (myData.json) --- json file storing information of clustering information, generated by running color.py

3.      Processing and Training
        defClothes.py --- define the 9 major categories used in the classification task
        downloadImage.py --- use Gilt API to download images online
        *Note: the above files are not meant to be modified or executed (exeception: if more input image files are required, this can be done by runnng downloadImage.py)
        getOutput.py --- convert downloaded image files into proper numeric formats that can be passed into the ANN
        clothes-net.py --- set up the ANN and execute training
        color.py --- use kmeans clustering to classify the color schemes of images in each category and produce a json file called myData.json that stores the clustering information

4.      Test Program
        clothesAdvisor.py --- create a new ANN, load the weigts from weights/finalWeights. User has to specify the address of input image file in the code (last line, only need to change the numeric part, ranging from 1 to 3901, notice there can be noise input listed in inputs/noise.dat, and the answer won't be 100% correct since training result is not perfect). The program will put up the image file, after you hit any key on keyboard, it will print the answer in terminal.

There are three parts in this project that are worth to look at in details:
        1.      Data Processing
                This is mainly in getOutput.py.
        2.  ANN setup
                This is mainly in clothes-net.py. By running this file, you can test the ANN and re-train using the data set in this ANN. By loading weights stored in finalWeights, you can test the training results we had and visualize the weights.
        3.  Test traing results we had
                This is basically the two test programs listed above in List of Files section 4.

Last but not least, please check out https://www.deepfashion.info where we integrate all the information together into a web site

I hope this overview of the files contained in this project is clear and helpful. And if you have further questions regarding the details of code, please see comments in each file. In each file, the header part explains the general purpose of it in details, and important sections are commented as well.

